#dba#


dba gives discounts on retail items (within a certain price range) to members. Ultimately, I see it using a number of ways to get the best prices on products: the group’s numbers (collective purchasing) and/or member characteristic discounts – professional organizations and/or possibly bartering, aggregating online coupons/rebates/sales and/or exchange of items amongst members (no sales amiongst members). As well as benefitting from membership on their own purchases, members will get some type of accumulating benefits that they will be able to use for their own purchase benefits for aiding in a transaction. The website will be the go between for confidential member information, transfer of funds and transfer of purchases. 


(MEMBERS LOGIN/CREATE ACCOUNT HOMPAGE)
Members go to the homepage and can login with username and password or create a new account 

(CREATE/VIEW/EDIT/DESTROY (PROFILE PAGE) 
The app will require members to fill out a fairly detailed profile page which will be saved to a db.  As well as creating it, they can simply view, edit or destroy a profile page.

(WISH LIST w PRICE ALERTS)
Members will have a wish list with price alerts. Price alerts are activated when there is a real drop in the price of an item on a member's wish list.

(SEARCH BOX)
The app will feature a search box that when given a search item will search the original selling company’s website, Amazon (through its API), eBay and possibly Google Shopping. 

(END BUYER TIME FRAME)
The app asks the end buyer how long he/she is willing to wait for the item. Whats the timeframe?

(CALCULATE AVG PRICE)
The app will calculate an average price for the item and give the max, mean and min. 

(ALTERNATIVE ITEM RECOS)
The app will display recommendations for alternative but similar items probably from Amazon’s recommendations

(CALCULATE-LIST DISCOUNTED PURCHASING OPTIONS) 
The app will calculate what discount method or combination of discount methods will result in the best price. 

(PRIORITIZE DISCOUNTED PURCHASING OPTIONS)
The app will give members a choice of purchase options (by discount method) and allow them to prioritize them 

(MAKE REQUESTS OF MEMBER(S) IN BUYING CHAIN/APP MESSAGE BOX/PERSONAL EMAIL NOTIFICATION) 
After the member chooses his discount method, the app will message the other members involved in that method and they will receive a notification in their personal email boxes that they have a message in their app message box.

(AIDING MEMBER DENY/ACCEPT REQUEST) 
The aiding member(s) will choose to accept or deny the purchase request. 

(IF DENIED, SWITCH TO NEXT BEST DISCOUNTED PURCHASING METHOD/CONTACT MEMBER(S))
If the top priority discount method is not possible, the app will then select the next priority discount method and query that/those member(s) involved…and so on.

(IF AIDING MEMBER ACCEPTS, GIVES TIME FRAME, TRANSFER OF FUNDS IS MADE)  
If the aiding member(s) agree to make the purchase, they give time frame and exact cost and transfer that information to site. Site then sends that to end buyer to see if he/she wants to proceed. If they say yes, transfer of funds is made from end buyer to site, and site transfers funds to aiding buyer.  
(AIDING MEMBER SENDS PACKAGE TO COMPANY)

(COMPANY SENDS PACKAGE TO END_BUYER)

(STATS ARE RECORDED AND POINT ARE GIVEN TO AIDING BUYER)

--

(USERS CAN MESSAGE EACH OTHER (no personal info allowed) )

(USER CAN MESSAGES ABOUT DEALS ON SPECIFIC ITEMS)
Users can send anonymous messages to users if they see a great deal on an item in his her wish list and maybe with everyone that has that on his/her wish list, they’ll get the alert. No one else will get the alert. 


###Resources###
•	Amazon API
•	Devise Gem (for user authentication/logging in and out)

